Add 1.21.x GUI kvv2 known issues (#1202)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.21.x/content/docs/updates/important-changes.mdx

1. Spread them out among the nodes of the Vault cluster.
1. Only subscribe to events on the active node of the cluster.

### GUI KV v2 metadata list request fails for some policies ((#gui-kvv2-metadata-policy))

| Change      | Affected version | Fixed version
| ----------- | ---------------- | -------------
| Known issue | 1.21.0           | None

#### Issue

Users cannot list KV v2 secrets in the GUI if their policy grants `list` access to metadata 
but the policy path does not include a trailing slash.

Example of a policy that previously granted users list access and now returns an error:

```
path "secret/metadata/:path" {   
  capabilities = ["list"] 
}
```

#### Workaround

> To resolve the policy issue, add a trailing slash to the policy path until the fix is released:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Option 1: Add a trailing slash to the policy path:
```
We try to avoid hand-waving at future behavior/fixes.

Author: yeah, i'm not sure this is a recommended solution as it is, so I think I'll swap it to `option 2` as well
